README.md, before:

# Tasks-api-with-doc

Tasks-api-with-doc is a laravel powered api of tasks gestion. 
Using token for connextion.
This project is made mainly for learning how to use and make feature&unit test.

## Quick Start

``` bash
# Install Dependencies
composer install

# Run Migrations
php artisan migrate

# MAke a copy of your .env file
cp .env.example .env

## Create your db and like it to your project via the .env

# If you get an error about an encryption key
php artisan key:generate
```
## Current test

``` bash
# run the tests
php artisan test
```

### Global
- 404 not found

### User
- register
    - everything is well filled 

    - ***email*** empty
    - ***email*** wrong format
    - ***email*** already taken 
    - ***email*** is not a string 

    - ***password*** empty 
    - ***password*** wrong format 
    - ***password*** too short 
    - ***password*** is not a string 

    - ***username*** empty 
    - ***username*** is not a string 

- login
    - everything is well filled

    - ***email*** empty 
    - ***email*** wrong format 
    - ***email*** do not match the records
    - ***email*** is not a string

    - ***password*** empty 
    - ***password*** wrong format
    - ***password*** too short
    - ***password*** do not match the record
    - ***password*** is not a string 

### Tasks
- create
    - everything is well filled

    - ***body*** empty 
    - ***body*** is not a string

    - ***token*** empty or expired
- read
    - one of the user's task
        - everything is well filled
        - no user's task has the given ***id***
        - ***token*** empty or expired
    - all of the user's task
        - everything is well filled
        - only the completed tasks
        - only the non-completed tasks
        - ***token*** empty or expired
- update
    - everything is well filled
    - no user's task has the given ***id***

    - ***completed*** empty 
    - ***completed*** is not a boolean

    - ***token*** empty or expired
- delete
    - everything is well filled
    - no user's task has the given ***id***
    - ***token*** empty or expired

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

README completion with link
added link to thedocumentation on swagger and to the hosted version on heroku

README.md, after:

# Tasks-api-with-doc

Tasks-api-with-doc is a laravel powered api of tasks gestion. 
Using token for connextion.
This project is made mainly for learning how to use and make feature&unit test.

→[hosted version](https://ariel-task-api-w-doc.herokuapp.com/api)(Is on heroku so might take some time to load at first)

→[documentation with swagger](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis-docs/Arielt99/Tasks_Api/1.0)

## Quick Start

``` bash
# Install Dependencies
composer install

# Run Migrations
php artisan migrate

# MAke a copy of your .env file
cp .env.example .env

## Create your db and like it to your project via the .env

# If you get an error about an encryption key
php artisan key:generate
```
## Current test

``` bash
# run the tests
php artisan test
```

### Global
- 404 not found

### User
- register
    - everything is well filled 

    - ***email*** empty
    - ***email*** wrong format
    - ***email*** already taken 
    - ***email*** is not a string 

    - ***password*** empty 
    - ***password*** wrong format 
    - ***password*** too short 
    - ***password*** is not a string 

    - ***username*** empty 
    - ***username*** is not a string 

- login
    - everything is well filled

    - ***email*** empty 
    - ***email*** wrong format 
    - ***email*** do not match the records
    - ***email*** is not a string

    - ***password*** empty 
    - ***password*** wrong format
    - ***password*** too short
    - ***password*** do not match the record
    - ***password*** is not a string 

### Tasks
- create
    - everything is well filled

    - ***body*** empty 
    - ***body*** is not a string

    - ***token*** empty or expired
- read
    - one of the user's task
        - everything is well filled
        - no user's task has the given ***id***
        - ***token*** empty or expired
    - all of the user's task
        - everything is well filled
        - only the completed tasks
        - only the non-completed tasks
        - ***token*** empty or expired
- update
    - everything is well filled
    - no user's task has the given ***id***

    - ***completed*** empty 
    - ***completed*** is not a boolean

    - ***token*** empty or expired
- delete
    - everything is well filled
    - no user's task has the given ***id***
    - ***token*** empty or expired

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
